Hi, I'm Seden Mutaf. I'm a senior Computer Science student currently studying at Özyeğin University with a passion for AI as in computer vision and large language models. I'm currently working as a backend developer intern at GIB technology. During my studies in Özyeğin University, I have focused on honing my machine learning and computer vision skills alongside some critical other skills like full-stack development, custom software and firmware developing.During my studies in Özyeğin University, having worked in Ozu Planetory Robotics Lab definitely helped me develop these much more in depth, because learning and applying are not the same. During my time of working on our Rover project, I have developed custom firmware for motor control, developed a robotic arm control system, integrating forward and inverse kinamtics for autonomous implementations. I have gained other experiences on embedded systems , Linux ,ROS -a very useful framework in robotics-, version control systems like Git etc.. Working in a team and working hard for making the project successful is both educational and enriching. Working in a project doesn't limit you unlike taking a course. You have to do whatever it takes to solve a problem and find the new technologies yourself. Once I got the taste of it, I could never look back. Now as an intern, I know the value of being in a team and working on your side of the job is much more important to me because I know that when we all do our part, the result is going to be great, and being a part of this success is very rewarding.

My interest in LLM's is actually rather not new, even though you will notice I don't have much experience in the topic. I have taken courses about the topic and I have information on some of the technologies used in the industry like n8n, Langchain, Pinecone etc. With the entrance of ChatGPT to our lives, it's hard not to live and take interest in. I want to have some real hands-on experience on a project. I am also currently being educated by my school's IT department for a new chatbot for our university's website. I am very excited about that opportunity already. Experience is definitely beats education, no doubt. So I was looking for job or internship opportunities in LinkedIn and I came across your LinkedIn intership offer post and I was very intrigued. Because the tools you use and claim to teach goes hand-in-hand with what I want to have experience in. Also I very much prefer having a long internship because learning to use the tools and technologies take some time, and I really take pride in being useful and contributing wherever I work, so having 6 months to learn and apply is very valuable. 

I have another internship at Aselsan this summer, hopefully in autonomous systems. So I will not be able to start right away but I'm open to work starting from October. I hope you’ll consider my application, and I’m confident we can have a mutually rewarding experience.